Sync PR template with main repo (#720)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!-- Thank you for working on Jamulus and opening a Pull Request! Please fill the following to make the review process straight forward -->

Reviewer: Please fill **in** (…) **straightforward**
```suggestion
<!-- Thank you for working on Jamulus and opening a Pull Request! Please fill in the following to make the review process straightforward -->
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer: It should be "fill **in**" too.
